they've intercepted a croc from the
jungle up for sale this is a young
female that was taken from a wildlife
cradle okay obviously trying to make a
dollar so what we want to do is catch
this little girl and just take a small
bit of tissue sample Boyd needs to do a
DNA test to confirm she's a purebred
Siamese crocodile taken from the wild
I might get my close encounter with a
croc after all okay you got how tight
not in my wildest dreams did I think I'd
get this close to a crocodile's jaws
that's what we saw the other day on
there on the beach was the the claw
print which was the size of my hand so
my hand compared to to hers she's just a
little she's got great news so I need
you to sit on here and hold her down a
little bit okay okay yeah let's get
manis day I never imagined I'd end up
sitting or one of the rarest animals on
the planet
comfortable yep it's slightly strange
straddling a crocodile she got a name
yes we have named this one actually what
she called her name's Edith here we go
if the test results come back and she's
pure Siamese crocodile what's the next
stage well the next stage then will be
to to put her into a breeding pen with
another a male purebred Siamese
crocodile yeah and hopefully we can get
some some little babies at a purebred
that we can then use for future releases
brilliant see so worth it
releasing purebred Siamese crocodiles
could really strengthen their numbers
she's amazing
if her babies can live in the wild Edith
the croc could play a vital part in the
crocodiles future sorry get back in
water now if you want